WIP: Starknet Snap Rough Skeleton (#1509)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/use-non-evm-networks/starknet/index.md

---
description: Interact with users' Starknet accounts in MetaMask.
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Starknet

> You can interact with users' Starknet accounts in MetaMask by installing the Starknet Snap.

Reviewer: I think a better way to say this is, "by connecting to the Starknet Snap for MetaMask."

---
description: Interact with users' Starknet accounts in MetaMask.
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Use Starknet

Starknet is a Layer 2 network built on Ethereum. To interact with Starknet accounts in MetaMask, which is a non-EVM network, you need to use the Starknet Snap.

You can use `wallet_invokeSnap` or `get-starknet` to integrate with Starknet dapps.
The choice depends on your specific use case and development preferences. 

Both methods enable developers to connect Starknet dapps with wallet solutions. 

> `wallet_invokeSnap`:
> - Requires precise method names and parameter structures.
> - Handles both MetaMask-specific and Starknet-specific errors.
> - Designed for operating within the MetaMask framework.
> - Manages lower-level StarkNet interactions directly.
> - Results are in more detailed, lower-level code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`wallet_invokeSnap`:
- Requires precise method names and parameter structures.
- Handles both MetaMask-specific and Starknet-specific errors.
- Is designed for operating within the MetaMask framework.
- Manages lower-level Starknet interactions directly.
- Provides results in more detailed, lower-level code.
```

This might require further edits

`get-starknet`:
- Provides a high-level API that abstracts complex operations.
- Offers standardized error handling.
- Supports multiple wallets, not limited to MetaMask.
- Manages wallet connections and Starknet interactions.

> - Results are in more readable code.

Reviewer 2: Move this to go before `wallet_invokeSnap`, as it is the recommended method.

> :::note
> 
> The `get-starknet` method is recommended for simplified integration with the non-EVM Starknet network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::warning Important

We recommend using the `get-starknet` library for a simplified integration with Starknet.
```

Or maybe "for most use cases"?
